Fix link to Go plugin examples (#7459)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/plugin-development/pluginserver/go.md

6. Compile as an executable with `go build`.

{:.note}

> > **Note**: The Go PDK repository contains [example plugins](https://github.com/Kong/go-pdk/tree/master/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: See the Go PDK repository for [example plugins](https://github.com/Kong/go-pdk/tree/master/examples).
```
